Support SNIP-9 (#1530)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/guide/account_and_client.rst

    :language: python
    :dedent: 4

Creating "Outside transaction" and executing it. `SNIP-9 <https://github.com/starknet-io/SNIPs/blob/main/SNIPS/snip-9.md>`_
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Account also provides a way of creating a call and signing to allow for another account (caller) to execute it later on original account behalf. This will also allow caller to execute calls encoded in that transaction for free (signer will pay the fee).

Reviewer: > signer will pay the fee

It seems to me that executor pays the fee, not the signer.

Author: Good catch. Thank you. My bad, didn't understand spec correctly.

> Creating "Outside transaction" and executing it. `SNIP-9 <https://github.com/starknet-io/SNIPs/blob/main/SNIPS/snip-9.md>`_
> ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
> 
> Account also provides a way of creating a call and signing to allow for another account (caller) to execute it later on original account behalf. Account does not need to funded with tokens for transaction to execute as caller will pay the execution fee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside execution
-----------------

Outside execution allows a protocol to submit a transaction on behalf of another account. This feature is implemented according to `SNIP-9 <https://github.com/starknet-io/SNIPs/blob/main/SNIPS/snip-9.md>`_.

Account also provides a way of signing transaction which later can be execute by another account. Signer does not need to be funded with tokens as executor will pay the fee.
```
